https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/01.JPG
I am free!
Gotta go explore my new home.
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/02.JPG
Massage Time.
I love my belly rubs.
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/03.JPG
Belly rubs
They are the best!
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/04.JPG
Raising paw
Becase mommy says I'm the cutest
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/05.JPG
Smiles
This is my personal space. No humans allowed!
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/06.JPG
Play Fox
I like to play with my toys on my comfy pads sometimes
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/07.JPG
Yawnnnn
Playing makes me tired!
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/08.JPG
Treatt
Got my paws on some treats
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/09.JPG
Treatt pt2
It is quite tasty
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/10.JPG
Tongue out Tuesday
The treat was delicious
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/11.JPG
Ball
I'm hyper and I want to play.
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/12.JPG
Naptime
Playing can be tiring.
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/13.JPG
Pawww
My nails seems to be getting big
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/14.JPG
Toy
I rather eat the treat!
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/15.JPG
Soon...
One day I will be able to explore more of Austin.
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/16.JPG
Watchman
For now, keeping an eye out from here
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/17.JPG
Explorer
So this is outside.
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/18.JPG
Bed time
It's been a long day
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/19.JPG
Out in the sun
Enjoying the nice breeze
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/20.JPG
Nap and Toys
Never sleep too far from the toys.
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/21.JPG
Always Alert
Never know when I would get treats
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/22.JPG
:P
Silly faces are fun
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/23.JPG
Play time
Human controlling me or other way around?
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/24.JPG
So, This is grass

https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/25.JPG
Oh, something moved

https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/26.JPG
Getting treats for nice behaviour!

https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/27.JPG
It's Winter...where's the snow?

https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/28.JPG
Taking in the sun!

https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/29.JPG
A walk in the park

https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/30.JPG
Slurp, Slurp, Slurp

https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/31.JPG
The Family
My humans are alright!
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/32.JPG
Time to play with the ball!
It's my size too.
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/33.JPG
Got the ball!
Rest time for now.
https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/34.JPG
Oops..forgot the ball

https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/35.JPG
I just want water right now.

https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/36.JPG
I'm a cat!!!

https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/37.JPG
Tasty treat for sitting quietly.

https://s3.amazonaws.com/thebatdogbruce/38.JPG
Ooo..new walking surface!
And look..purple plants.